TBS OKTA-488936 Updates language in release notes (#3317)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/idps/index.md

| Action      | Description                                                                                                                                                        | Existing OKTA_GROUP Memberships                                                               | Existing APP_GROUP Memberships                     | Existing BUILT_IN Memberships                |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------                                                                                                                                  | ------------------------------------------------------                                        | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | `APPEND`    | Adds a User to any Group defined by the IdP as a value of the `sourceAttributeName` array that matches the name of the Group in the allowlist defined in the `filter` | Unchanged                                                                                     | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| `APPEND`    | Adds a User to any Group defined by the IdP as a value of the `sourceAttributeName` array that matches the name of the allow listed Group defined in the `filter` | Unchanged                                                                                     | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |
```

| `APPEND`    | Adds a User to any Group defined by the IdP as a value of the `sourceAttributeName` array that matches the name of the allow listed Group defined in the `filter` | Unchanged                                                                                     | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |
| `ASSIGN`    | Assigns a User to Groups defined in the `assignments` array                                                                                                          | Unchanged                                                                                     | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |
| `NONE`      | Skips processing of Group memberships                                                                                                                              | Unchanged                                                                                     | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |

> | `SYNC`      | Group memberships are mastered by the IdP as a value of the `sourceAttributeName` array that matches the name of the Group in the allowlist defined in the `filter` | Removed if not defined by the IdP in `sourceAttributeName` and matching name of the Group in `filter` | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| `SYNC`      | Group memberships are mastered by the IdP as a value of the `sourceAttributeName` array that matches the name of the allow listed Group defined in the `filter` | Removed if not defined by the IdP in `sourceAttributeName` and matching name of the Group in `filter` | Unchanged                                          | Unchanged                                    |
```

###### Groups Account Link Filter object

> Defines an allowlist of Group membership to restrict which Users are available for account linking by an IdP.

Author: ```suggestion
Defines an allow list of Group membership to restrict which Users are available for account linking by an IdP.
```

| Property | Description                                                   | DataType                     | Nullable | Readonly |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | -------- | -------- |

> | include  | Specifies the allowlist of Group identifiers to match against | Array of String (Group IDs)  | TRUE     | FALSE    |

Author: ```suggestion
| include  | Specifies the allow list of Group identifiers to match against | Array of String (Group IDs)  | TRUE     | FALSE    |
```
